[OCPBUGS-34875]: Adding note about hosted clusters to API server certificate docs (#80148)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/certificates/api-server.adoc

API server's certificate by default. This certificate can be replaced
by one that is issued by a CA that clients trust.

[NOTE]
====

> In hosted control plane clusters, self-signed certificates from the API cannot be replaced.

Reviewer: Maybe consider more active?

```suggestion
In hosted control plane clusters, you cannot replace self-signed certificates from the API.
```

Author: Good suggestion! And thanks for the reminder that I merge my own work after it's been peer reviewed 😄
